= Screwcap

* http://gammons.github.com/screwcap

== DESCRIPTION:

Screwcap is a library that wraps Net::SSH and makes it easy to perform actions on remote servers.

== FEATURES:

* Dead-simple DSL for remote task management.
* Screwcap is not opinionated.  In fact, the only opinion screwcap has is that rails deployment tasks should not be baked into the screwcap core.
* Screwcap is very light on magic and unicorns.  Screwcap recipes are basically only a collection of servers and tasks.  It does not know how to do things unless you tell it how to do things.
* Screwcap is not tied into rake, although it easily can be.
* Screwcap can *easily* be used to deploy rails applications.  

For more info, see the main screwcap page at http://gammons.github.com/screwcap

== INSTALL:

* gem install screwcap

== TODO:
* Explore removing the 'use' keyword, favoring require or load
* Add ability to parse user input
* DONE add --dry-run to screwcap

== RECIPES:

=== I need help writing rails recipes!  Please help contribute some nice rock-solid rails recipes to the following repo:

http://github.com/gammons/screwcap_recipes


== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 Grant Ammons (grant@pipelinedeals.com)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
